CuTest Copyright (c) 2002 Asim Jalis

-----------------------------------------------------------------
HOW TO GET THE COMMERCIAL LICENSE
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The price of a nonexclusive commercial license is $39 (USD) per
developer license. 

To purchase the license:

1. Print and sign two copies of the document below ("CUTEST
NONEXCLUSIVE COMMERCIAL LICENSE").

2. Send both copies, along a money-order or a check for $39 (in
U.S. funds drawn on a U.S. bank), to:

    Asim Jalis (CuTest Copyright)
    17776 NE 90th Street, #S-293
    Redmond, WA 98052, USA

BE SURE TO INCLUDE AN EMAIL ADDRESS, as well as a postal address
and phone number.  If you are ordering multiple licenses you can
mail them together. 

3. We will return one signed copy of each license to you
promptly.

You will also receive swift notification of new versions of
CuTest, in addition to ongoing email support.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
CUTEST NONEXCLUSIVE COMMERCIAL LICENSE
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The licensee named below is granted the nonexclusive right to
utilize CuTest, major version 1, major version 2 and any minor
versions thereof, in applications. Applications developed by the
holder of this license may be distributed freely in source code
or binary form without additional fees or royalties. This license
does not grant the right to use CuTest to create a development
tool which passes on substantially all of the capabilities of the
CuTest library to the user of the tool, unless that tool is to be
used internally by the license holder only in order to develop
applications. This license may not be resold, but applications
developed in accordance with the terms of the license may be
distributed freely subject to the limitations described above.

Future minor (1.x or 2.x) versions of CuTest will be covered by
this license free of charge. If significant defects of
workmanship are discovered in these versions, minor releases to
correct them will be made available before or at the same time
that those defects are addressed in any future major version. 

If, for any reason, any portion of this license is found to be
invalid, that portion of the license only is invalidated and the
remainder of the agreement remains in effect.

If this license has not been signed by Asim Jalis (CuTest source
copyright holder) it is invalid.

Licensee:                         _____________________

Complete Mailing Address:         _____________________

                                  _____________________

                                  _____________________

Phone Number:                     _____________________

Email Address:                    _____________________

Signature of CuTest Source 
Copyright Holder:                 _____________________

Date:                             _____________________

